Add sponsorship page (#2593)
Kludex/uvicorn: docs/sponsorship.md

        <div style="position: absolute; top: 10px; right: -25px; background: #238636; color: white; padding: 5px 30px; transform: rotate(45deg);">
            Popular
        </div>
        <h3 style="color: #ffd700;">🥇 Gold Sponsor</h3>
        <div style="font-size: 1.5em; margin: 1rem 0;">$500<span style="font-size: 0.6em;">/month</span></div>
        <ul style="list-style: none; padding: 0; margin-bottom: 1rem; min-height: 90px;">
            <li>✓ All Silver benefits</li>
            <li>✓ Large logo on main pages</li>
            <li>✓ Priority support</li>
        </ul>
        <div style="text-align: center; margin-top: auto;">
            <a href="https://github.com/sponsors/Kludex" style="display: inline-block; padding: 0.5rem 1rem; background-color: #ffd700; color: black; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 6px; font-weight: bold; transition: opacity 0.2s;" onmouseover="this.style.opacity='0.8'" onmouseout="this.style.opacity='1'">
                Become a Gold Sponsor
            </a>
        </div>
    </div>
</div>

<div style="text-align: center; margin: 2rem 0;">
    <h3>🤝 Custom Sponsor</h3>

>     <p>Looking for something different? <a href="mailto:your-email@example.com">Contact us</a> to discuss custom sponsorship options!</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <p>Looking for something different? <a href="mailto:marcelotryle@gmail.com">Contact us</a> to discuss custom sponsorship options!</p>
```

    <p>Your feedback is invaluable in helping us make sponsorship as accessible as possible. Share your thoughts by:</p>
    <ul>
        <li>Opening a discussion on our <a href="https://github.com/encode/starlette/discussions">GitHub repository</a></li>
        <li>Contacting us directly at <a href="mailto:marcelotryle@gmail.com">marcelotryle@gmail.com</a></li>
    </ul>
</div>

<a id="acknowledgments"></a>

## Community & Future Plans 🌟

We want to express our deepest gratitude to all the contributors who have helped shape Starlette and
Uvicorn over the years. These projects wouldn't be what they are today without the incredible work of
every single contributor.

Special thanks to some of our most impactful contributors:

- **Tom Christie** ([@tomchristie](https://github.com/tomchristie)) - The original creator of Starlette and Uvicorn.
- **Adrian Garcia Badaracco** ([@adriangb](https://github.com/adriangb)) - Major contributor to Starlette.
- **Thomas Grainger** ([@graingert](https://github.com/graingert)) - Major contributor to AnyIO, and significant contributions to Starlette and Uvicorn.

> - **Alex Grönholm** ([@AlexGrönholm](https://github.com/agronholm)) - Creator of AnyIO.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Alex Grönholm** ([@agronholm](https://github.com/agronholm)) - Creator of AnyIO.
```
